I think you should consider
that if you leave like this,
you'll never know the truth
of who Robin Masters is.
If you would indulge me
in one more story,
I think perhaps
you would find this useful.
"After five days, the medical
unit had given up hope,
"and a runner was sent
for Father Kirkpatrick.
"The runner had only been
gone a scant 10 minutes"
"when the most
miraculous event occurred."
"Private Channing, whom
everyone had given up for dead,"
"opened his eyes, looked around"
"and asked
for a pint of Stout."
Thank you, Lieutenant.
Glad to help out.
Let me know if there's a
change in his condition.
Yes. Thanks.
Mrs. Magnum?
It's Peterson.
Yes, of course. I'm sorry.
I'm Father Timothy.
I'll take you to your son.
Thank you.
Katherine.
You must be Jonathan. I...
I know.
Tom.
Naturally, I have no way
of knowing for certain,
but I believe he can hear us.
I can't believe how long it takes to get
from my part of the world to yours.
You'd think someone would have
figured out a faster way by now.
No wonder you never come home.
Wouldn't you know,
I was leaving for the airport
and Frank had
a terrible asthma attack.
They seem to be
getting worse every year.
He was really incapacitated.
Oh, why am I
telling you all of this?
The last thing you want to hear about
is your stepfather's problems.
Anyway, he's fine.
He's gonna be just fine.
Oh, Thomas,
this better not be one of
your stupid practical jokes,
"A woman in Holland was
in a coma for eight weeks."
"They had completely lost hope
when one day her nurse came in"
"and found her up, dressed
and ready to go home."
Carol.
She said that she had been
abducted by alien beings
and taken to another planet.
Right.
Okay, don't believe me,
but her doctors couldn't find
one thing wrong with her.
Except that sometimes she
speaks in this foreign tongue,
and nobody's
been able to place it.
I suppose there is
a remote possibility.
Stop it! Just stop it!
What do you read this kind
of garbage for, anyway?
Rick.
Maybe I was just looking
for a little hope.
Well, there's no hope.
He's gonna die, and all of you
better get it through your head.
You're just sitting around
here kidding yourselves.
I don't know what the hell
good it's gonna do, anyway.
I'll go talk to him.
I don't know
what we haven't thought of.
There's gotta be
something we can do.
The doctors are doing
everything humanly possible.
There's nothing else we can do.
Unless...
Unless we've overlooked
the obvious.
Thomas, I've always tried real
hard never to tell you what to do.
But if you want my opinion,
you ought to wake up
and get out of this place.
You've been here long enough.
It's time to go home.
Magnum!
I demand you come
back immediately!
Magnum!
My God, what have I done?
Time has little to do with
infinity and jelly donuts.
With this ring I thee wed.
If you're not dead, how come
nobody can see you or hear you?
If I am dead, how come
I don't feel like it?
How come I feel like
staying and fighting this?
It's all a part of the process.
No. There's something else.
Hey, you can't
just walk away from this.
It's all part of the process.
No. There's something else.
Hit the brakes!
He's not responding.
That's it. You can turn
off the equipment.
I'm sorry. We did
everything we could.
Record the time of death.
11:05.
A pint of Stout.
I'd like a pint of Stout.
What took you so long, sport?
It happens with stroke patients.
The loss of motor skills
and the loss of memory.
But all of the tests that the doctors
have run on him have come back negative.
I can't give you any medical
reason for the fact
that he hasn't spoken since he
asked for that pint of Stout.
I thought transferring him to a
VA hospital might jar something.
But it's been two weeks.
Well, he's been
through a severe trauma.
Not only the shooting,
but the coma.
Perhaps it's still
a residual shock effect.
Is it possible he simply
doesn't remember how?
His physical condition is
improving dramatically.
I've never seen
such a rapid recovery.
The body, at least,
wants to mend.
They've rescheduled Mrs.
Hutchinson's surgery. Excuse me.
Thank you for taking time out to go
over the doctors' reports with us.
Anything I can do...
I think we should reconsider
telling him what happened.
I mean about Michelle.
Michelle and the
little girl are gone.
They're safe.
All of his doctors agree it would be
very risky to give him that information.
He may not be able to handle so
great a loss at this point in time.
Yo, heads up!
Hey, what the hell
do you think you're doing?
Playing basketball.
Sorry to startle you.
Hey, I've been seeing you around.
My name is Nick.
When you feel up to it,
why don't you wander on down
to the physical therapy
department?
I got some new equipment in.
We could try it out.
We'll let you know, okay?
Sometimes you get
the body moving,
it kind of shakes loose everything
else that's locked up inside.
Hey, pal, there ain't nothing
locked up, all right?
You want your friend
to talk again,
don't go around pretending
like there's no problem.
Hey, come on, Coach!
I'll see you.
All right, play ball!
Yo, come on, set it up,
set it up, come on!
Follow through,
come on underneath!
Abromowitz! Oh, you're
making me crazy, man!
Back up, set up, set up.
Tom.
Tom, we're back.
Did you miss me?
Well, of course you did.
Why did I even ask?
Wanna go for a walk?
You're making things very difficult.
I don't care.
Well, you just have a certain amount
of time to do this, you know.
Just give me enough time to get
through to somebody, that's all.
How much time do you need?
Time has little to do with
infinity and jelly donuts.
Let's go take that walk.
What did he say?
Infinity and jelly donuts, pal.
He probably didn't have
anything to say, that's all.
He's gonna be all right. Yes.
I talked with Billy
on the phone this morning.
He's got this idea
that you're going to coach his
little league team this year.
Well, Frank...
He offered to help out,
but with his
asthma attacks, I...
Well, I don't think
it's possible.
I can't go home, Mom.
Just for a little while.
I can't. Well, not yet.
There's something.
Thomas!
What is it?
I'm not sure. There's
something I have to do,
but I just can't quite...
Tom, I can understand you're
having strange kinds of,
I don't know,
premonitions, feelings.
Whatever they are, I'm sure
it's perfectly natural.
No, it's... After what
you've been through.
No, it's more than that, Mom.
It isn't more than that.
Okay.
All right.
I know this is gonna
sound strange.
But if you could just try to...
Okay, I was here
when I was gone.
No. I know I was in the hospital
room, in ICU, in that bed,
but I was also here.
Tom.
Kind of around.
No, I really was.
Ask the dogs. They saw me.
All right, I know
you can't ask the dogs.
They couldn't tell you.
But they would if they could.
Now the point is,
I was here,
and I remember some of it
and that's why
I know there's something
I have to do.
But I...
I can't remember everything.
I just get the feeling that
Michelle is somehow in danger,
and I need to help her.
Tom, Michelle... Hey, Thomas!
Boy, I'm glad I caught you.
I got all the way to the car.
I realized I forgot
to give you this.
Al Kaline, his rookie year.
I bumped into a friend
of mine this morning
who was kind of
down and out on his luck.
He wanted to sell it, so I bought it,
figuring that you'd like to have it.
You were here all morning.
Oh, I almost forgot to tell you.
There's a message
at the nurses' station.
Something about Frank being a lot
better since his attack this morning.
Thank you.
Thomas,
look at the back.
The stats and everything.
I mean, it's in mint condition.
It's very rare
for a card that old.
Thanks, Rick.
Oh, by the way, you're welcome.
For what?
For the birth certificate and the
documents that got you out of jail.
Oh, I never got a chance to thank you.
Yes, you did.
You were there
and you were here.
Right. I guess that's
the best way to put it.
At the same time?
Right.
You don't believe me.
No, I wouldn't say exactly that
I don't believe you. I just...
All right. All right. You
and T.C. and Agatha
and Higgins and...
Stop that. And Tanaka and Ibold
were all at the estate,
talking about me,
as if I was already dead, by the way,
which I didn't especially appreciate...
We were in shock. Aha!
"Aha" what? Aha, admit it.
I mean, admit that I was right
about you all being there.
Well, of course
we were all there.
And how could I have known
that if I wasn't there?
Because Higgins
told you, Thomas.
When you were in your coma
he told you everything.
Are you saying that I heard all
of that from the hospital?
And then you imagined it.
You have a very
vivid imagination.
Listen, Thomas,
I'm just happy
that you're alive,
and whatever happened or
whatever you think happened,
it's all over
and done with anyway.
Something happened.
I'm talking about the shooting.
Something you don't
wanna tell me about.
Oh, Thomas... What is it?
Hey, Thomas, I'm gonna put an end to
that theory of yours once and for all.
Come on.
Hey, Magnum, great to see you!
Mac?
No. Jim Boning.
He just looks like Mac.
This is Jim Boning? Yeah.
How you doing? The guy that Thomas
thinks looks like MacReynolds?
Yeah. You see, you must've
had dealings with Mac.
I mean, with Jim and when
you went into the coma...
I don't think he looks like Mac.
What are you talking about? He looks
exactly like Mac, except for the mustache.
Anyway, when you went
into the coma,
you thought you were having
a conversation with Mac,
but you couldn't have been
because Mac is dead.
No, it isn't just the mustache,
it's the eyes and the hair
and the smile.
Look, I was kind of in the middle of a
very important business meeting, so...
Yeah, jacks are better to open.
So as much as I'm enjoying...
What the hell do you
think you're doing?
Well, do you believe me now?
Well, it was worth a try.
Hello, Tina Calvin,
this is Theodore Calvin.
Yeah, I know it's late.
I had three charters today,
a whole week's worth of
paperwork waiting for me.
How are the kids?
I just wanted to say
good night to them.
No, I haven't talked
to Thomas today.
I've been busy. I told you...
Yeah, okay.
Good night.
Thomas Magnum, please.
Yeah, I'll hold. Thank you.
Now, I tag you
for a baseball fan.
J more than basketball
am I right?
I knew it.
And I knew you'd show up here today.
Sooner or later, anyway.
You know, I have this funny
ability to read you guys.
"Us guys"?
Now, you, for instance, are some
serious stubborn, but curious.
Probably worked real well for you
in the war, but on the outside...
You aren't going
to talk about the war.
Are you one of those guys
who still can't talk about it?
I can talk about it just fine.
I'm just not gonna talk
about it with you.
Did you ever try
these free weights?
Some friends of mine
were dying over there
when you were playing
high school basketball,
or celebrating the fact
you had a high lottery number.
You know, I really think you're
gonna get to whatever's bugging you
with these free weights
faster than on that bicycle.
Stubborn.
But curious.
You're right.
I didn't get to Vietnam
until it was over.
You know, the Chinese believe we lock
unpleasant memories in various muscles.
What is it?
Come on, you saw something.
Yeah. I'm real close.
Hey, Thomas, I've been
looking all over for you.
Father Timothy here said
you might be over here.
I thought we were
gonna watch old movies.
I picked up Stalag 17,
A Thousand Clowns...
What were you doing in Vietnam?
I was at the Club Med.
Actually, I was in
the Merchant Marine.
I wouldn't mind seeing
Stalag 17 again myself.
Unfortunately, I have a
noon service in the chapel,
which I wanted to make
sure you knew about.
Yeah, well, we might
be a little tied up, Father.
The Magnificent Seven.
So, what do you think?
There were three men
in the warehouse.
Thomas, you're not gonna
start on that again.
On what?
Thomas has this idea
that when he was unconscious
that he was floating around, and
he was talking to all of us.
That's a very
interesting theory.
Well, that's just
what it is, Father.
Oh, I don't know.
What did you see?
Three men in the warehouse.
Two of them went over the cliff.
That leaves a third man.
No, it doesn't. There was
another body in the warehouse.
Lieutenant Tanaka said
you must have shot him.
You are close.
There's something I missed.
All right, Thomas, I'm gonna tell
you something for your own good.
We all agreed not to tell you, because
we figured you couldn't handle it,
but I'm gonna tell you anyway,
just so you can take all of this business
and put it behind you, where it belongs.
Michelle... l know.
She was here.
What?
Your cousin, Michelle.
Yeah, I know all about it.
You know she was here?
I saw her.
Thomas.
After the shooting, in the car.
J when the guys went over
the cliff I was with her.
But if the third guy was
killed in the warehouse...
Which he was.
Well, that means...
That means that she's
out of danger, my cousin.
No.
It means there's a fourth
man still out there.
Thomas, if you know where she is,
then why don't you warn her?
Thomas!
I don't know where she is.
I knew she was here, but I
don't know where she went.
Why should I know that?
She's your cousin.
Hey, wait.
I'm sorry I brought
Michelle up in front of them.
Your Uncle Rudy still work
in the Merchant Marine?
Yeah. Well, call him and ask him
if Nick Patrelli ever went to the
Orient on one of their ships.
Come on, Thomas, I admit
that I didn't I like the guy
when I first met him either, but
you're chasing your own ghost.
I happened to have an interesting
conversation with a nice lady
in personnel this morning.
It seems Nick Patrelli just happened
to volunteer his services here
the day after I was admitted.
So that makes him a mastermind in
a plot to kill you and Michelle?
It makes him the most
likely candidate I've got.
See what you can find
out for me, will you?
Please?
I'm telling you, you've been
avoiding this whole situation
ever since Thomas
entered the VA Hospital.
Hey, what do you want me to do?
You think you're gonna
personally change anything
by hanging around him
24 hours a day?
I can try. That's a hell of a lot
more than you're willing to do.
Rick... l come to you
for a little help,
but suddenly you got charters to Maui,
you're going to the Big Island...
Hey! What's gonna
happen if I'm gone?
I mean, I've just gotten
to know my kids again.
I mean, who's gonna take care
of them if I'm not around?
I gotta make sure they're
gonna be okay before...
, Look, T.C.
we're all gonna die someday.
I mean, I've been thinking
about it a lot, too,
ever since this
happened to Thomas.
But you don't have to think about
it every day of your life.
Right now, Thomas is the
one who needs our help.
All right. Forget it!
The three guys
who were after you
were pros with no particular
political leanings.
So there's no motive.
There's no reason.
There's got to be a reason.
Maggie?
I'm sorry, Thomas.
It's just that I...
Well, I mean I can't believe that
we're actually sitting here talking.
I almost gave you up for...
Me, too.
Anyway, whoever hired these guys
obviously knew that Michelle
was on her way here.
Now, we haven't been able to
determine through Navy sources
who that might have been, but I
have a friend over at CIA...
Ron. Ron.
How do you know about Ron?
Well, I...
You must have told me.
Well, he's doing everything he can
to try and find an ID for us.
I gave him the number here.
How was dinner?
Oh, it was pretty terrible.
Lucky guess.
Commander Poole.
Oh, hi, Rick.
Yes, he's right here.
Rick, what do you got?
The Merchant Marine
never heard of Nick Patrelli.
Neither did the CIA.
Ron... Right again, Magpie.
Yeah, thanks, Rick. Goodbye.
Ron Templeton, Thomas Magnum.
His name is Quang Ki.
Colonel Ki's brother?
Thomas!
Traitor!
No. There's something else.
Thomas.
Thomas?
He's trying to avenge
his brother's death.
I haven't seen
him since this morning.
It's funny you should be
looking for him too, though.
Why are you looking for him?
One of the guys wanted
to talk to him.
Said he didn't show up
for noon service.
I called the rectory. They said...
They never heard of him.
Right.
Why'd you lie about being
in the Merchant Marine?
What is this?
You checked up on me?
I'm just wondering what you haven't
told us about Father Timothy.
He said he had some
business to take care of.
That he'd be back
in time for noon service.
He wasn't. That's all I know
about the good priest.
Excuse me.
I got work to do.
Thomas, you can't go
after Quang Ki.
You don't understand, Maggie.
I killed his brother.
As long as he's alive,
he won't stop at anything.
I understand that!
You think he's gonna avenge his
brother's death by killing Michelle?
He thought he had her.
Once Michelle was on the way to
Hawaii, he knew he could kill me.
He just hadn't counted
on Michelle getting away.
Or on you.
Hey, you're a professional.
I appreciate that.
Ron... Let me handle
this, Magpie.
Let's face it. You've been
out of the field a while.
You should leave it to
younger guys to find Quang.
Where did this come from?
I don't know.
Rick? T.C.? Your mom?
You didn't bring it?
Thomas. This is just
what I was telling you.
First you think that the physical
therapy coach is out to get you,
and now you think there's something
sinister about the photograph.
Ron, he didn't make all this up.
All right, let's not even
look at the fact
that your body's just been
through a tremendous trauma.
Suppose you were
in the peak of health.
You have an emotional investment
here that could get in your way.
I don't think that's
any of your business.
Thomas, I know you
want to help Michelle,
but maybe the best way to do that
right now is to just stay out of it.
Just give me 24 hours.
Okay.
Really, Thomas.
Now you listen to me,
frank Peterson.
I know you're having problems
with these asthma attacks,
but my son is in real trouble,
and I'm not leaving
till I know he's okay.
And you'll do just fine
without me till I get there.
And I love you, too. All right.
I can't find T.C. anywhere.
Perhaps it's just
as well he's busy.
There's nothing he can do.
Lieutenant Commander Poole has
assured me they'll find Quang Ki.
And you believe that?
Me either.
What'll we do?
Well, it started
in Little Saigon.
Michelle!
Thomas!
Sorry.
I didn't mean to startle you.
What do you want, Patrelli?
I wanted to tell you
that you're wrong.
I never played basketball
in high school,
and I never celebrated
over my lottery number.
Forget it.
Really.
Oh. Merchant Marine.
It usually gives me a little
credibility with the guys I work with.
I never saw any harm in it.
What did you say he said to you?
Father Timothy?
He said he had some...
What was it?
Unfinished business
to take care of.
If he wanted me here,
he'd leave me an invitation.
I beg your pardon?
Are you gonna get that?
Sorry, Maggie.
Yep?
Nope.
He just left.
Left? Left for where?
Thomas!
There's another way, man.
I love you, Michelle.
More than anyone
I've ever known.
And I'm letting you go.
Well, see you in
another 40 or 50 years.